I remember there was a pizza parlor when I was a kid.
His name was nick,
the Greek fucking tremendous pizza,
even though he was Greek,
like we let it slide.
He put the Sicilian by the window and there was with the flies will land on it.
It was like the airport for the flies.
They were late and we were breaking his balls neck,
but I'm in,
I want an antiquated one night fucked up to the gills with vomit all over my
shirt and every time he'd see me call me fucking Belushi.
That's Belushi almost died.
It was and he would have for years.
He called me fucking Belushi and there was another kid who had a beard and he
called them.
I told her command like he had nicknames for us,
but that's a weird,
it bothered me.
After a while he would call me Belushi and when Belushi died,
it really started bothering me like my next,
he would call me Belushi till my face will look when his fucking Belushi hello.
I was fucked up.
I want to know when that on a quail,
it opened up the red pepper and threw it at him and blazers sell them jewelry.
Like I would sell them stolen.
Jimmy and nick would tight.
Nick was the pizza parlor,
50 yards from the high school and you could run a tab with nick and nick used
to,
I used to give nick jewelry and he would look at me and he would go speak.
How much do you think that's worth?
Cause Jewelry was 800 an ounce at that time.
Gold.
And I would bring him jewelry,
he would look at it and then take it,
give me money and put it in in one of his pockets from is does a front apron.
So two days later I'd go in there and go,
nick,
let me use your bathroom.
And I go in there and stick my hand in the apron and take the jewelry back.
And then a week later I go back to him,
nick,
how much for the ring?
And he looked at me and he was racist as fuck.
Like he would either quality Belushi or Spec to my face.
Like,
it didn't matter.
There was a kid,
you know,
this is on Kennedy Boulevard,
this is a big boulevard,
and there was a kid that would come in there and I'm still dear friends with
that.
His family had money and he would go in there and buy a slice of pizza,
but he would cross the street because the ice t across the street was a dime
cheaper and more than ice.
Tea came in those fucking cardboard and milk,
cardboard.
He would always cross the street.
So nick would be having a conversation and it's like,
what's going on?
And also they go west and we'd go,
he went across the street to get the ice cream.
He would fucking flip out.
He'd run from behind the counter,
run onto the county boulevard.
Hundreds of people be out there and he'd yell at the Kid,
Tony,
you fucking jewel.
You fuck you.
Fuck.
He wasn't Jewish,
he was Italian.
He was just cheap and shit like that.
That's it.
10 centers that you gotta be pretty cheap to run across the street.
There was 45 cents for the ice tea,
but it,
Ashley's was 35 cents right across the street.
Then the hash ways,
Delhi was great because the mother was losing the hair show.
Every time he got a sandwich,
you get a little piece of hang,
you know,
and so you'd get,
you wouldn't get hair,
you'd go Ms. Harris,
you didn't get near O'hare.
Everything had a little piece,
a heroin at the macaroni salad and he ate it.
Gave him a fuck.
There was tremendous,
she made the best roast beef on Rye in the world,
but every,
no,
in fact,
the whole family to her and the son will losing the hat and I learned from her
son,
like her son was losing his head,
but he couldn't control his emotions about it.
He went to everything.
Joe,
he did the fucking stitches.
He would spray paint his hair.
He was one of those guys that had like,
he tried,
but the head just kept falling out.
He had a male pattern,
whatever we were kids.
The mom had it to the mom hat.
They read something in the house.
I don't know what it was,
and you could test the dad had it and the brother had it and fucking everything.
You got to have a little piece of hair on it,
whatever.
You got to always have that.
If you didn't get,
you were like beat.
His ass was so bad.
He just said to her face,
oh,
we used to torture all the time.
We Love Mrs Hat.